  1.) In the below elements which of them are values or an expression? 
eg:- values can be integer or string and expressions will be mathematical operators.

ans:- * ----- Expression
     hello ---- Value
    -87.8 ------Value
       - -------Expression
      /-------- Expression
      + --------Expression
      6---------Value

2) What is the difference between string and variable?
ans:- A variable is something that stores data. It can store a string,int,float etc.
      A string is a information you would store in variable. 
      String is enclosed within "...." but variable we declared it i.e- X="asd".

3) Describe three different data types?
 ans:- i) String :- A string data type is a combination of characters that can be either constant or variable.
    ii)Boolean :- Boolean data is what programmers use to show logic in code. It's typically one of two values—true or false.    iii) Floating point :-Floating point data types represent fractional numbers in programming. There are two main floating-                         point data types:-  
                      a) Float: A data type that typically allows up to 7 points after a decimal.
                      b) Double: A data type that allows up to 15 points after a decimal.  

4) What is an expression made up of? What do all expressions do?
ans:- An expression is a statement made of numbers, variables, and operations. Expressions are used to evaluate the values or       represent the result on the screen. 

5) This assignment statements, like spam = 10. What is the difference between an expression and a statement? 
ans:- Expression is made up of values, containers, and mathematical operators and the statement is just like a command           that a python interpreter executes like print.

6) After running the following code, what does the variable bacon contain?

bacon = 22

bacon + 1

ans:- It gives 23 as output.

7) What should the values of the following two terms be?

'spam' + 'spamspam' = 'spamspamspam'

'spam' * 3  = 'spamspamspam'

8) Why is eggs a valid variable name while 100 is invalid?
ans:-  We can't start giving variable an integer name. Variable should begin with, a string-like alphabet name then integer.       e100 or eggs100 is valid.

9)What three functions can be used to get the integer, floating-point number, or string version of a value?

ans:-  int(), float() , str() .

10) Why does this expression cause an error? How can you fix it?

'I have eaten' + 99 + 'burritos' 

ans:- Because 99 is an integer it cannot be concatenated with strings, if we have to concatenate it we need to do       typecasting.
